---
layout: post
title: "Scream"
author: "Laura Mullen"
authorURL: /laura-mullen/
tag: 20181111
categories: 2018fall
permalink: /Scream/
---

<br><br>
<br><br>
<br><br>
<p sytle="line-height: 1.5; text-align: justify;">
The family dog found one of the bunnies we were raising running loose in the yard, and took it
<br>
up in its jaws—but my stepmother caught the German Shepherd almost at once, and pried the
<br>
damp panicked baby (whole body pulsing with its heartbeat) out. The rescued animal, paralyzed
<br>
by terror, was given to me to hold, and I sat with it on my lap a while, in my bedroom—taking
<br>
advantage of its perfect stillness to be, as I wanted to be, close. Soft and warm, but completely
<br>
unresponsive (eyes everywhere, gaze nowhere), as if nothing of what came after coming so near
<br>
to death could register or count. We sat like that together in the aftermath for what felt like a long
<br>
time, and gradually the frantic panting slowed. Then the rabbit kicked and leapt down to the floor
<br>
—and began to race around the edges of the room, screaming. I had had no idea it could make a
<br>
sound like that: a high-pitched horrible thin urgent wailing that went on and on and on…until it
<br>
ran out. In the silence afterward the animal seemed not to know what had happened or rather it
<br>
was as if nothing had happened: it was just a rabbit, again, and quiet. It didn’t want to be held but
<br>
it also had no fierce objection: it wanted a carrot or clover, some food pellets maybe, the
<br>
company of others like itself. The hutch? Back in it went: caged and (for awhile) safe. I don’t
<br>
 know what happened after that. There remains a space inside me where that sound continues,
<br>
<i>Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee,</i> and the animal goes thumping around and along the baseboards. When I
<br>
 asked myself what I wanted to say about this project, I recalled that moment. What I want to tell
<br>
you is this: I didn’t write these poems—they <i>escaped</i> me.
<br>
</p>
